this is really in my mind my last
legitimate shot at making an Olympic
team and being a contender I don't want
to end my career in a mediocre sort of
way I don't want all the years of hard
work to be in vain I want to fight and I
want to be on this Olympic team I know
myself better than anyone and I know
everything that I do goes into an
Olympic dream and to winning a medal and
standing on a podium in Vancouver and
for all of that all of my life that's
why I deserves to be on the team please
welcome down on the seat bumblebee or in
New York City Johnny weird
with success comes expectation Johnny
Weir the three-time US Champion now 25
years old hoping for his second olympic
team after failing to make the podium in
the US Nationals a year ago
he's opening with his combination triple
lutz dude triple toe and that was sheer
will he had no speed coming out of the
XXX and you just made that triple toe
happen I don't think I've ever seen him
skate with as much fire intensity and
performance the Torino Olympics were
really bittersweet from my short program
was excellent and great and I was very
happy and then you know on the flipside
my long program wasn't good i finished
off the podium i can take all of those
experiences good and bad into vancouver
and and use them to my advantage
a crowd favorite many standing here in
Spokane and it looks to me like wow
that's the best Johnny where I've ever
seen what about
there's no margin for error I have to be
on top of my game than this year it's
like the Olympics is the goal a warm
welcome please or juror Evan of course
I'm not coming into your to get second
or third you know I'm coming in here
because I want to win the defending US
Champion let's see how you handle the
pressure of being in that spot
did triple toe nice triple toe in the
end of that triple flip
why ponyo little is or you bought my
heavens man nice what a terrific
sequence of footwork I'd love it if I'm
not focused on like every detail my mind
starts to drift
I can never just let myself get on
autopilot like I have to really really
focus on every single detail from
beginning to end again like Johnny it's
probably the best Jeremy acted I seeking
and he's going to get a standing ovation
as well yeah jeremy Abbott he's back on
track men's competition it's all I've
been at it for quite some time now and
learn how to block pretty much every
distraction out 87-85 the best score
he's all to the first place doubt creeps
in when we're trying to do something
difficult close to impossible it's about
silencing that doubt in the heat of the
moment it's a little more difficult than
it may seem get out of your leopard
tiger you best
I
our Nationals is the toughest
competition in the world I mean you have
no idea the pressure that's on those
kids when there are nationals uh-huh
step out there you know I don't want him
to feel like if he doesn't win the years
a disaster I mean last year he was third
in the National seniors and went on to
win the World Championship
triple lutz triple toe nicely doesn't
recovery your biggest competitors are
out there doing great things and you
want to be right up there with them you
don't want to show any weakness at this
point of the year you know my goal is
the same i'm planning to the quad in the
long program i've been training really
well the quads been really solid in
practice so it's just you know not
getting ahead of myself with the short
program I still have one more to go
except for that opening step out of the
triple axel every element he's done so
beautifully
Lysacek only the one step out in his
program
well this will write a fire for him look
at this is going to be perfect